fix(curriculum): restructure python basics module (#64700)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lecture-introduction-to-python-strings/69414623940154f209922619.md

name_and_age = name + str(age)
print(name_and_age) # John Doe26
```

You can also use the augmented assignment operator for concatenation. This is represented by a plus and equals sign (`+=`), and performs both concatenation and assignment in one step. Here's it in action:

```py
name = 'John Doe'
age = 26

name_and_age = name  # Start with the name
name_and_age += str(age)  # Append the age as string

print(name_and_age)  # John Doe26
```

The process of inserting variables and expressions into a string is called **string interpolation**. Python has a category of string called **f-strings** (short for formatted string literals), which allows you to handle interpolation with a compact and readable syntax.

F-strings start with `f` (either lowercase or uppercase) before the quotes, and allow you to embed variables or expressions inside replacement fields indicated by curly braces (`{}`). Here's an example:

```python
name = 'John Doe'
age = 26
name_and_age = f'My name is {name} and I am {age} years old'
print(name_and_age) # My name is John Doe and I am 26 years old

num1 = 5
num2 = 10
print(f'The sum of {num1} and {num2} is {num1 + num2}') # The sum of 5 and 10 is 15
```

> Note how you don't need to convert non-string types with the `str()` function. In the example above, the value of the `age` variable is converted under the hood into a string during the interpolation process.

Author: ```suggestion
Note how you don't need to convert non-string types with the `str()` function. In the example above, the value of the `age`, `num1`, and `num2` variables is converted under the hood into a string during the interpolation process.
```

# --questions--

## --text--

How can you concatenate strings in Python?

## --answers--

> By using the `+` operator or `f strings`.

Author: ```suggestion
By using the `+` operator.
```
